
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.144275                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5144274809000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5144274809000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 169693                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   335427                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             2145113000                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 770200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2398.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   406947274                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     804399711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.dtb.walker         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.inst           1034048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu.data          10709312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11775872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu.inst      1034048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total         1034048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9547776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9547776                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.inst              16157                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu.data             167333                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                183998                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          149184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               149184                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.dtb.walker            746                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.itb.walker             62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.inst               201009                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu.data              2081792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2289122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu.inst          201009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             201009                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1856000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1856000                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1856000                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.dtb.walker           746                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.itb.walker            62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.inst              201009                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu.data             2081792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                4145122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        183998                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       149184                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      183998                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     149184                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 11761088                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     14784                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   9546240                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  11775872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                9547776                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      231                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          58239                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               11315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               10581                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               12129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               11752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               11319                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               10663                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               10930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               11239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               10920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               11403                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              11471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              11421                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              12415                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              12512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              11823                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              11874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                9756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                9158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                9767                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                9469                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                9300                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                9148                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                8815                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                8963                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                8876                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                9249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               9141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               9048                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               9841                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               9699                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               9635                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               9295                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          10                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5144274759500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  183998                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 149184                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    169620                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                     11412                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                      1942                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       450                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        59                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        33                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       28                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       25                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     2270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2916                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     7399                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     7449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     8122                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     8310                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     9443                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     8747                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     9907                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                    10037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9884                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                    11487                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     9002                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     8428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     8682                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     8054                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     7610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     7540                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      268                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      294                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      173                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      190                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                      146                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      139                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                      169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      124                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                      170                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      142                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                      149                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                      100                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       91                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       41                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       44                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        72943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      292.108413                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     174.353373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     313.792232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          28114     38.54%     38.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        17711     24.28%     62.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         7670     10.52%     73.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         4213      5.78%     79.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2951      4.05%     83.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         2449      3.36%     86.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1349      1.85%     88.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1138      1.56%     89.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         7348     10.07%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          72943                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          7277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        25.251615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      563.083563                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047           7276     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::47104-49151            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            7277                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          7277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        20.497458                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.666266                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       13.148532                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            6223     85.52%     85.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23             179      2.46%     87.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              37      0.51%     88.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             181      2.49%     90.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              17      0.23%     91.21% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39             151      2.08%     93.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43             102      1.40%     94.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               5      0.07%     94.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              29      0.40%     95.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              31      0.43%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               5      0.07%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               9      0.12%     95.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             222      3.05%     98.82% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               6      0.08%     98.90% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               6      0.08%     98.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              40      0.55%     99.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.01%     99.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               1      0.01%     99.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             5      0.07%     99.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.01%     99.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.01%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             2      0.03%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131            17      0.23%     99.92% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.01%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.01%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.03%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.01%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            7277                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2097648589                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                5543279839                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    918835000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11414.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30164.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           2.29                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.86                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        2.29                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.86                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.03                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        21.26                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     150147                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                    109836                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   81.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  73.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     15439833.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      78.08                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  269030160                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  146792250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 701430600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                481956480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           335998980720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy           132992885070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2969904214500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             3440495289780                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              668.800889                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4940616567724                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    171778620000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     31879461276                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  282418920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  154097625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 731944200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                484600320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           335998980720                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy           133085381535                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2969823077250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             3440560500570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.813565                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   4940481114488                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    171778620000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     32014679262                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                86341843                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted          86341843                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            843606                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups             79482226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                77803537                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             97.887969                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.usedRAS                 1532975                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASInCorrect             177711                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.apic_clk_domain.clock                 8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.numCycles                        465489033                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles           27349012                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                      426558725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                    86341843                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches           79336512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                     433328456                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                 1773234                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.TlbCycles                     140367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu.fetch.MiscStallCycles                61411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        195746                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          949                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                   8924695                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes                425342                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.ItlbSquashes                    4681                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples          461962620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.822369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             3.015343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0                297385469     64.37%     64.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1                  2141918      0.46%     64.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2                 72009169     15.59%     80.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3                  1542851      0.33%     80.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4                  2093373      0.45%     81.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5                  2277762      0.49%     81.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6                  1468275      0.32%     82.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7                  1844826      0.40%     82.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                 81198977     17.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total            461962620                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.185486                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        0.916367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.decode.IdleCycles                 23051751                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.BlockedCycles             281963390                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.RunCycles                 147749616                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.UnblockCycles               8311246                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.decode.SquashCycles                 886617                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DecodedInsts              834090099                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.rename.SquashCycles                 886617                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.IdleCycles                 26334343                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.BlockCycles               229948938                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.serializeStallCycles       14545958                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RunCycles                 152100341                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.UnblockCycles              38146423                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RenamedInsts              830806639                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.ROBFullEvents                454355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.IQFullEvents               12555277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.LQFullEvents                 214921                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu.rename.SQFullEvents               22219847                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu.rename.RenamedOperands           992487524                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RenameLookups            1803840100                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.int_rename_lookups       1108929979                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.fp_rename_lookups               295                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu.rename.CommittedMaps             961885153                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.UndoneMaps                 30602369                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.serializingInsts             460175                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.tempSerializingInsts         463946                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.skidInsts                  42648824                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads             17020536                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores            10013615                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads           1265948                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores          1065839                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                  825617137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             1152647                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                 820744592                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            214843                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        22370068                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     33775079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         142908                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     461962620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean         1.776647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev        2.400230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           278779319     60.35%     60.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            13677385      2.96%     63.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::2             9694463      2.10%     65.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::3             7479161      1.62%     67.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            73155086     15.84%     82.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::5             4780135      1.03%     83.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            72637826     15.72%     99.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             1181137      0.26%     99.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::8              578108      0.13%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       461962620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                 2412123     76.39%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntMult                      0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc                0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     76.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemRead                 586072     18.56%     94.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                159607      5.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            284241      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             792878234     96.60%     96.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               149840      0.02%     96.66% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                126459      0.02%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  91      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                 0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                    0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc                0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                  0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                   0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv               0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt              0      0.00%     96.67% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             18033989      2.20%     98.87% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite             9271738      1.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch               0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.FU_type_0::total              820744592                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.rate                           1.763188                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     3157802                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.fu_busy_rate                   0.003847                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         2106824012                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         849151947                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    816471101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                 436                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes                450                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          156                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu.iq.int_alu_accesses              823617942                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.iq.fp_alu_accesses                     211                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          1861954                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads             0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3065804                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14153                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        14111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1593948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs             0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads             0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      2095806                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         68873                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles                 886617                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles               206103955                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles              15659492                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts           826769784                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            162986                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              17020536                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             10013615                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             683525                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 383471                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              14451239                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          14111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         476576                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       506351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts               982927                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts             819239221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              17663851                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           1381012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.exec_swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_nop                             0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_refs                     26724913                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_branches                 82983667                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_stores                    9061062                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.exec_rate                     1.759954                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.wb_sent                      818769187                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.wb_count                     816471257                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.wb_producers                 638649867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_consumers                1046653125                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.wb_rate                       1.754008                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.wb_fanout                     0.610183                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts        22245724                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1009739                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts            854697                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    458607756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.754004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.647518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    288145143     62.83%     62.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     11087272      2.42%     65.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      3640468      0.79%     66.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     74478879     16.24%     82.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2430107      0.53%     82.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1625402      0.35%     83.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1001040      0.22%     83.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     70854372     15.45%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      5345073      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    458607756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.committedInsts            406947274                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.committedOps              804399711                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.commit.swp_count                         0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.refs                       22374398                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.loads                      13954731                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.membars                      448033                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.branches                   81999646                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.fp_insts                         48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu.commit.int_insts                 733379682                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu.commit.function_calls              1155571                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       171831      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        781589650     97.16%     97.19% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          144528      0.02%     97.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           121874      0.02%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             16      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift             0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     97.22% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        13952145      1.73%     98.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        8419667      1.05%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.op_class_0::total         804399711                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.commit.bw_lim_events               5345073                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.rob.rob_reads                   1279829790                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu.rob.rob_writes                  1656663443                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu.timesIdled                          287506                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.idleCycles                         3526413                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.quiesceCycles                   9823058000                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu.committedInsts                   406947274                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedOps                     804399711                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.143856                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.143856                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.ipc                               0.874236                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.874236                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.int_regfile_reads               1088022059                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu.int_regfile_writes               653481018                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu.fp_regfile_reads                       156                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_reads                 414844045                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu.cc_regfile_writes                320950754                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu.misc_regfile_reads               264261421                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu.misc_regfile_writes                 400173                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1656014                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           511.995636                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            18946459                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1656526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.437466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          65644500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   511.995636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999991                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          262                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          87599396                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         87599396                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.data     10805755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        10805755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.data      8075007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        8075007                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu.data        62855                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total         62855                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::cpu.data      18880762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         18880762                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::cpu.data     18943617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        18943617                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.data      1800696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       1800696                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu.data       334991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       334991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu.data       406405                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406405                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::cpu.data      2135687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        2135687                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::cpu.data      2542092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       2542092                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  30137867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  30137867500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  21089945740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  21089945740                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  51227813240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51227813240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  51227813240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51227813240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.data     12606451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12606451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.data      8409998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8409998                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu.data       469260                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       469260                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu.data     21016449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21016449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu.data     21485709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21485709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.142839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.142839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.039832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.866055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.866055                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.101620                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.118315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.118315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 16736.788164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16736.788164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 62956.753286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62956.753286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 23986.573519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 23986.573519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 20151.832916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20151.832916                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       556428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             52454                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.607923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1558074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1558074                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data       834885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       834885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data        44903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        44903                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data       879788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       879788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data       879788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       879788                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       965811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       965811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       290088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       290088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       402915                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       402915                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1255899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1255899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data      1658814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1658814                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  14288232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14288232000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  19138141242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19138141242                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   6806565500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6806565500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  33426373242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33426373242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  40232938742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40232938742                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  98114325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  98114325000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2778681500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2778681500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 100893006500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 100893006500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.076612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.034493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034493                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.858618                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.858618                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.059758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.077205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.077205                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 14794.024918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14794.024918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 65973.570923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65973.570923                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 16893.303799                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16893.303799                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 26615.494751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26615.494751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 24254.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24254.038573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 171091.837269                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171091.837269                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 199919.526585                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 199919.526585                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 171774.002782                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 171774.002782                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        76780                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse    15.821773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs       101894                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        76796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.326814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 199830391500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    15.821773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.988861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses       437119                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses       437119                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       101894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total       101894                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       101894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total       101894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker       101894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total       101894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        77777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        77777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        77777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    965958500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    965958500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    965958500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    965958500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    965958500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    965958500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       179671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       179671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total       179671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker       179671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total       179671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12419.590624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12419.590624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12419.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12419.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 12419.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12419.590624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks        21553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.writebacks::total        21553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        77777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker        77777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    888181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    888181500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    888181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    888181500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker    888181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    888181500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.432886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11419.590624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.590624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11419.590624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.590624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 11419.590624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11419.590624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            981325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           508.752321                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7876209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            981837                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs              8.021911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      150355632500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   508.752321                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.993657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.993657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          293                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          131                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           9906588                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          9906588                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.inst      7876209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7876209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       7876209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7876209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::cpu.inst      7876209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7876209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.inst      1048476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       1048476                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::cpu.inst      1048476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        1048476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::cpu.inst      1048476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       1048476                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15750091989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15750091989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15750091989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  15750091989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst  15750091989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  15750091989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.inst      8924685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8924685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst      8924685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      8924685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst      8924685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      8924685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.117480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.117480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.117480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.117480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15021.890810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15021.890810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15021.890810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15021.890810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 15021.890810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15021.890810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        14497                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          291                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               495                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    29.286869                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    72.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::writebacks       981325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total            981325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        66573                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst        66573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       981903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       981903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst       981903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       981903                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13872010992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13872010992                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13872010992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13872010992                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst  13872010992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13872010992                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.110021                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14127.679610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14127.679610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14127.679610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14127.679610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 14127.679610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14127.679610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements        13612                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse     6.021123                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs        25352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs        13625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs     1.860697                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle 5116302133500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     6.021123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.376320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.376320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.812500                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses        94236                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses        94236                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        25363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_hits::total        25363                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        25365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_hits::total        25365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        25365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_hits::total        25365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_misses::total        14502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_misses::total        14502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_misses::total        14502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176957500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176957500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_latency::total    176957500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    176957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_latency::total    176957500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        39865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_accesses::total        39865                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.WriteReq_accesses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        39867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_accesses::total        39867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        39867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_accesses::total        39867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.363778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.363760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.363760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12202.282444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12202.282444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12202.282444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 12202.282444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 12202.282444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12202.282444                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.fast_writes             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.cache_copies            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::writebacks         2767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.writebacks::total         2767                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        14502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_misses::total        14502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker        14502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_misses::total        14502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    162455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    162455500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    162455500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    162455500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker    162455500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    162455500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.363760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.363760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11202.282444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11202.282444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11202.282444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11202.282444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker 11202.282444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11202.282444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.no_allocate_misses            0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.replacements           112087                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tagsinuse        64799.238973                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.total_refs            4898447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.sampled_refs           176177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.avg_refs            27.804123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks 50590.672109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.dtb.walker    12.620858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.itb.walker     0.139554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3112.121923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data 11083.684529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.771952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.047487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.169124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.988758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64090                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           63                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          706                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3231                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        53982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.977936                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.tag_accesses         43579518                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.tags.data_accesses        43579518                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1582394                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_hits::total      1582394                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       980190                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_hits::total       980190                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu.data          342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_hits::total          342                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::cpu.data       155444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_hits::total       155444                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu.inst       965615                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_hits::total       965615                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        66816                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12095                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu.data      1332257                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_hits::total      1411168                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        66816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.inst       965615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::cpu.data      1487701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits::total         2532227                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.dtb.walker        66816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.itb.walker        12095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.inst       965615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::cpu.data      1487701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits::total        2532227                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu.data         1438                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses::total         1438                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::cpu.data       132521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses::total       132521                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu.inst        16160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_misses::total        16160                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu.data        35761                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_misses::total        35826                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.inst        16160                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::cpu.data       168282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses::total        184507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.inst        16160                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::cpu.data       168282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses::total       184507                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu.data     57872000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     57872000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu.data  16936777500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  16936777500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2166148500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   2166148500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8579000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       679000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu.data   4824922500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   4834180500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8579000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       679000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2166148500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::cpu.data  21761700000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency::total  23937106500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      8579000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       679000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2166148500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::cpu.data  21761700000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency::total  23937106500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1582394                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1582394                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       980190                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.WritebackClean_accesses::total       980190                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu.data         1780                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses::total         1780                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu.data       287965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses::total       287965                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu.inst       981775                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       981775                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        66876                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12100                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu.data      1368018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1446994                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        66876                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.inst       981775                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::cpu.data      1655983                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses::total      2716734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.dtb.walker        66876                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.itb.walker        12100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.inst       981775                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::cpu.data      1655983                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses::total      2716734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.807865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.807865                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460198                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.460198                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016460                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.016460                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026141                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024759                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016460                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101621                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.067915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016460                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101621                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.067915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 40244.784423                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40244.784423                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 127804.480045                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127804.480045                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134043.842822                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134043.842822                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 142983.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       135800                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 134921.352870                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 134934.977391                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 142983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       135800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134043.842822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 129316.860983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129735.492420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 142983.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       135800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.inst 134043.842822                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu.data 129316.860983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129735.492420                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::writebacks       102517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks::total           102517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data         1438                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1438                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data       132521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       132521                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16157                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        16157                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu.data        35760                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        35825                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu.data       168281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses::total       184503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.dtb.walker           60                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.inst        16157                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu.data       168281                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses::total       184503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       573460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu.data        13899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        13899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu.data       587359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       587359                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data    102774999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102774999                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  15611567500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15611567500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2004346500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2004346500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      7979000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       629000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data   4468306500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4476914500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      7979000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       629000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2004346500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20079874000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  22092828500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker      7979000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       629000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst   2004346500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data  20079874000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22092828500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  90946019500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  90946019500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data   2618766000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2618766000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data  93564785500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  93564785500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.807865                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.807865                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.460198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016457                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.026140                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016457                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101620                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.dtb.walker     0.000897                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.itb.walker     0.000413                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.inst     0.016457                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu.data     0.101620                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.067914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 71470.792072                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71470.792072                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 117804.480045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117804.480045                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124054.372718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124054.372718                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 132983.333333                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125800                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 124952.642617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124966.210747                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 132983.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124054.372718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119323.476804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119742.380883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.dtb.walker 132983.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.itb.walker       125800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.inst 124054.372718                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu.data 119323.476804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 119742.380883                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 158591.740488                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 158591.740488                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 188413.986618                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188413.986618                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu.data 159297.440747                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159297.440747                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5460741                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2718937                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests        72407                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1221                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1221                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq         573460                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       3016607                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq         13899                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp        13899                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1731587                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       980190                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict       117679                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq         2259                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp         2259                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq       287973                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp       287973                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       981903                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1461779                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq         1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      2943868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      6146532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side        31429                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       174582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total           9296411                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    125565760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side    207412623                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.itb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side       951488                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dtb_walker_cache.mem_side::system.cpu.l2cache.cpu_side      5659456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total          339589327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoops                      223808                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples      3529303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean        0.021448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev       0.165576                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            3464951     98.18%     98.18% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1              53009      1.50%     99.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2              11343      0.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total        3529303                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     5594725985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy       671790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy    1474740212                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy    3066745270                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization          0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy      21763478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy     116728873                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               212016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              212016                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57726                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57726                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       400004                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         2308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total       444236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95248                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  542774                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6686                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio       200002                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2420                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         4477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total       228398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3262754                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              3980596                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                42500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 6500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy             10514500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy              1031500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                92000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                59000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                32500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy            300003000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy              1175500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              212500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy                2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            24561500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           241121329                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1231500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           433230000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            50160000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy             1645000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47569                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.116025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         4999365177000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.116025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.007252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.007252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428616                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428616                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              904                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    145501183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145501183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   6077027146                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   6077027146                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    145501183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    145501183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    145501183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    145501183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            904                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160952.636062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160952.636062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 130073.355009                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130073.355009                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160952.636062                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160952.636062                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 160952.636062                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160952.636062                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          1232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                  114                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    10.807018                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    100301183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100301183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   3741027146                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3741027146                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    100301183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100301183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    100301183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100301183                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 110952.636062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110952.636062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 80073.355009                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80073.355009                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 110952.636062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110952.636062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 110952.636062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110952.636062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              573460                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             626337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13899                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       149184                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             9829                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             2188                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1709                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            132252                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           132250                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         52886                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1645                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::BadAddressError            9                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         3290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3290                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       444236                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio       730482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       483648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.membus.badaddr_responder.pio           18                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total      1658384                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141810                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1803484                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu.interrupts.int_slave         6580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6580                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.bridge.slave       228398                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.cpu.interrupts.pio      1460961                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::system.physmem.port     18308608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.l2cache.mem_side::total     19997967                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3015040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23019587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                             1629                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            982619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.001674                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.040881                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  980974     99.83%     99.83% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1645      0.17%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              982619                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           339006500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           369115500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             3980404                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy          1013900787                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer4.occupancy               12000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer4.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            2335404                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         2139201818                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           85763851                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           30                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
