
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  5.142345                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5142345332000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               5142345332000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 328643                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   653294                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             6944434004                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 993680                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   740.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   243359937                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     483763631                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.itb.walker          320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           463872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data          5043712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst           148160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data          2254656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.dtb.walker         2176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.inst           338432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu2.data          3039936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::pc.south_bridge.ide        28352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             11319616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       463872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst       148160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst       338432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          950464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9139904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9139904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst              7248                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data             78808                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst              2315                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data             35229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.inst              5288                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu2.data             47499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::pc.south_bridge.ide          443                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                176869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          142811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               142811                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.itb.walker            62                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst               90206                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data              980819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               28812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              438449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.dtb.walker           423                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.inst               65813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu2.data              591157                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::pc.south_bridge.ide         5513                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                 2201256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst          90206                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          28812                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst          65813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             184831                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           1777380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                1777380                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           1777380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.itb.walker           62                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst              90206                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data             980819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              28812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             438449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.dtb.walker          423                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.inst              65813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu2.data             591157                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::pc.south_bridge.ide         5513                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total                3978636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                         90808                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                        80864                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                       90808                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                      80864                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                  5799936                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                     11776                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   5173504                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                   5811712                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                5175296                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      184                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs          28946                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0                5471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1                4964                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2                5622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3                5619                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4                5375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5                4811                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6                5429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7                5659                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8                5571                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9                5234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10               5583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11               5583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12               6015                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13               6427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14               6843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15               6418                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                5328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                5179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                4756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                4771                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                5274                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                4797                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                4981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                4962                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                4826                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                4673                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               4967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               4883                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               5134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               5204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               5383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               5718                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                           2                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    5141345197000                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                   90808                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                  80864                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                     85390                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                      4130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                       610                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                       178                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                        38                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                        40                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                        32                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                        42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                        26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                       26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                       24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                       24                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                       123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                        64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                        61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                        58                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                        63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                        65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                        54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                        57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                        69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                       55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                       69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                       54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1350                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     1610                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     4166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     4074                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     4423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     4467                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     5081                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     4725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     5352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     5355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     5254                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     6050                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     4758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     4488                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     4674                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     4325                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     4155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     4114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                       79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                       84                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                       65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                       52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       62                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                       78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                       45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                       51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                       35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       29                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                       28                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       20                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                       11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                        6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                        5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        40174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      273.144621                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     165.560811                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     297.725081                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16113     40.11%     40.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255         9912     24.67%     64.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4303     10.71%     75.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2413      6.01%     81.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1642      4.09%     85.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1065      2.65%     88.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895          735      1.83%     90.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          648      1.61%     91.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         3343      8.32%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          40174                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          4096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        22.121094                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      231.669266                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-511            4094     99.95%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::14336-14847            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            4096                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          4096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        19.735352                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       17.630791                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       12.122766                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::0-3                68      1.66%      1.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::4-7                 3      0.07%      1.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::8-11                1      0.02%      1.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::12-15               5      0.12%      1.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            3465     84.59%     86.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              91      2.22%     88.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              32      0.78%     89.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             114      2.78%     92.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35              13      0.32%     92.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              74      1.81%     94.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              48      1.17%     95.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               3      0.07%     95.63% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51              13      0.32%     95.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              10      0.24%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               7      0.17%     96.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               2      0.05%     96.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67             111      2.71%     99.12% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               4      0.10%     99.22% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75               2      0.05%     99.27% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              16      0.39%     99.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::80-83               1      0.02%     99.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103             3      0.07%     99.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             1      0.02%     99.78% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::124-127             1      0.02%     99.80% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             6      0.15%     99.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             1      0.02%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             1      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            4096                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     1084591495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat                2783791495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                    453120000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                       11968.04                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  30718.04                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                           1.13                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           1.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                        1.13                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        1.01                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                         7.79                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                      72353                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     58932                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   79.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  72.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                     29948653.23                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      76.56                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  144214560                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                   78573000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                 335010000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                259511040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           250484108160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            96378538635                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           2237986517250                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             2585666472645                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              667.978665                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3687486057488                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF    128059360000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     19884905262                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  159500880                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                   86876625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                 371841600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                264306240                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           250484108160                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            97163933940                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           2232534954750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             2581065522195                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              668.160201                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   3686335779224                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF    128059360000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     21009267026                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.numCycles                      1088115959                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   71651877                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                    146177129                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses            134125177                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                     958449                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts     14231951                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                   134125177                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads          245781224                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes         115362346                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads            83627387                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes           55829285                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     13623500                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                   10168797                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   3454703                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1031530406.657702                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              56585552.342298                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.052003                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.947997                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                         15545637                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                91075      0.06%      0.06% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                132356346     90.54%     90.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   58823      0.04%     90.65% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                    49650      0.03%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     90.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                10166974      6.96%     97.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                3454703      2.36%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                 146177571                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1639042                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.999458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           19611882                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1639554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            11.961718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle          7549500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   186.987910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   208.755532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   116.256017                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.365211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.407726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.227063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         88233009                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        88233009                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      4935475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2488884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data      4043023                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       11467382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      3326286                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1767826                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      2988998                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       8083110                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu0.data        21538                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu1.data         9785                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::cpu2.data        28212                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total        59535                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data      8261761                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4256710                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data      7032021                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        19550492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data      8283299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4266495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data      7060233                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       19610027                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       366824                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       158843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       779794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      1305461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       124701                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        64481                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       137348                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       326530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu0.data       154680                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu1.data        59779                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::cpu2.data       191883                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total       406342                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data       491525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       223324                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data       917142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1631991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data       646205                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       283103                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1109025                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      2038333                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2324834000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12051133500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14375967500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4618815996                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6391491377                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11010307373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6943649996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18442624877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  25386274873                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6943649996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18442624877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  25386274873                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      5302299                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2647727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data      4822817                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12772843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      3450987                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1832307                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      3126346                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8409640                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu0.data       176218                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu1.data        69564                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::cpu2.data       220095                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total       465877                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data      8753286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4480034                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data      7949163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21182483                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data      8929504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4549598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data      8169258                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21648360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.069182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059992                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.161688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.102206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035191                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.043932                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038828                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.877776                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.859338                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.871819                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.872209                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.056153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049849                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.115376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.077044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.072367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.062226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.135756                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.094156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 14636.049432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15454.252662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11012.176924                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71630.650827                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46535.015996                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 33719.129553                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 31092.269510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20108.799812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15555.401269                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24526.938944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16629.584434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 12454.429611                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       209532                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            22224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.428186                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1549010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total          1549010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data           70                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       358190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       358260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1746                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data        33668                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        35414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1816                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       391858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       393674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data         1816                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       391858                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       393674                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       158773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       421604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       580377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        62735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       103680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       166415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        59778                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       188477                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total       248255                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       221508                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       525284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       746792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       281286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       713761                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       995047                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       176153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       193877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       370030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       179448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       197329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       376777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2163130500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5958622500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8121753000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4375430996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5531064377                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9906495373                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1034307500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2977676500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4011984000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6538561496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11489686877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18028248373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7572868996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14467363377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  22040232373                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  30638632000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33033633500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  63672265500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    639710000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    711714500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1351424500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  31278342000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  33745348000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  65023690000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.059966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.034238                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.033163                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.019789                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.859324                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.856344                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.532877                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.049443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.066080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.061827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.087372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.045964                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 13624.045020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 14133.220985                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13993.926362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 69744.656029                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 53347.457340                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59528.860818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17302.477500                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15798.619991                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16160.737951                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29518.398866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21873.285455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24140.923273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 26922.310374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20269.198481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 22149.941031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 173931.934171                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 170384.488619                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172073.252169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 194145.675266                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 206174.536501                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 200300.059286                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 174303.096162                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 171010.586381                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 172578.713669                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           863213                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          510.772348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs          129563028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           863725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs           150.004953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     149035233500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   148.852314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   120.504208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   241.415826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.290727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.235360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.471515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           97                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses        131315867                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses       131315867                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     87303659                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     39282323                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst      2977046                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      129563028                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     87303659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     39282323                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst      2977046                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total       129563028                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     87303659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     39282323                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst      2977046                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total      129563028                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       304214                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst       414967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       889099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       304214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst       414967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        889099                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       304214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst       414967                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       889099                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2488615500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6088929474                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8577544974                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2488615500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6088929474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   8577544974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2488615500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   6088929474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   8577544974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     87607873                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     39452241                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst      3392013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    130452127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     87607873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     39452241                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst      3392013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total    130452127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     87607873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     39452241                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst      3392013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total    130452127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122337                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.006816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.003472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.122337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14645.979237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14673.286006                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9647.457678                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14645.979237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14673.286006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  9647.457678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 14645.979237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 14673.286006                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  9647.457678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        13598                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs              573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    23.731239                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       863213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           863213                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        25359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        25359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst        25359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        25359                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       389608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       559526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       389608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       559526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst       389608                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       559526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2318697500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5380005477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698702977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2318697500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5380005477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698702977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   2318697500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst   5380005477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7698702977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.004307                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.114860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13645.979237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13808.765418                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13759.330178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13645.979237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13808.765418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13759.330178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13645.979237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 13808.765418                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 13759.330178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.numCycles                      2608019031                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   35872545                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     69699402                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             64677814                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     478121                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      6602854                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    64677814                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads          119785728                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes          55703367                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads            36592003                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes           27221835                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4725252                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2891470                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1833782                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              2475574417.457654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              132444613.542345                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.050784                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.949216                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          7256649                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                36799      0.05%      0.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                 64882747     93.09%     93.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   30615      0.04%     93.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                    25662      0.04%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     93.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2890134      4.15%     97.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1833782      2.63%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  69699739                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups               28904699                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted         28904699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect           301799                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups            26182960                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits               25618019                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct            97.842333                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 577766                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect             65377                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.numCycles                       157028917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          10756065                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     142934226                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                   28904699                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches          26195785                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                    144559167                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                 634442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.TlbCycles                    102497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles               11445                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingDrainCycles             9293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on pipes to drain
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        61170                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1572                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                  3392030                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes               159049                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.ItlbSquashes                   2822                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         155817791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.805701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.007704                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0               100969926     64.80%     64.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                  864181      0.55%     65.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                23515186     15.09%     80.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                  574321      0.37%     80.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                  784323      0.50%     81.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                  832797      0.53%     81.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                  526849      0.34%     82.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                  721182      0.46%     82.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                27029026     17.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           155817791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.184072                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.910241                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                 9372643                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             95636804                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 20963245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4000269                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                317872                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             278646605                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                317872                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                10991831                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               77276692                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles       5181011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 23079329                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             13444163                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             277492076                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents               194116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5314185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents                 68849                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents               6513408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          331462631                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            605120715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       371802312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups              234                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            320362920                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                11099709                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts            163935                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts        165202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 19836823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads             6505105                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            3734190                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads           446981                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores          391369                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 275686580                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded             411981                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                273842853                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            94839                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined        8211456                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     12322633                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         64605                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    155817791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.757456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       2.386043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           93841974     60.23%     60.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1            5140662      3.30%     63.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2            3701702      2.38%     65.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            3241767      2.08%     67.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4           23231728     14.91%     82.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            2206356      1.42%     84.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6           23779364     15.26%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             455294      0.29%     99.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             218944      0.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      155817791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                1209883     81.76%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     81.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                208644     14.10%     95.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                61248      4.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            74059      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu            263387979     96.18%     96.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult               56208      0.02%     96.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                48343      0.02%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                104      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     96.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead             6817856      2.49%     98.74% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            3458304      1.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             273842853                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.743901                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                    1479775                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005404                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         705077754                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes        284314372                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    272343231                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads                356                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes               332                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          144                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses             275248392                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses                    177                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          717023                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1119882                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         5658                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5248                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       603569                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       712184                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        25029                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                317872                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               69999671                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4334406                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          276098561                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            36227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts              6505105                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             3734190                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            245180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                161697                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3862519                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          5248                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        168896                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       180792                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts              349688                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            273296807                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts              6682967                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts           496833                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    10058933                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                27720177                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   3375966                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.740423                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     273120714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    272343375                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                212424693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                348436865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.734352                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609650                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts        8207919                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         347376                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts           304652                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    154587808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.732912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.636931                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     97422616     63.02%     63.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4263028      2.76%     65.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1258481      0.81%     66.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     24441508     15.81%     82.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       948995      0.61%     83.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       702646      0.45%     83.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       422583      0.27%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23085730     14.93%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2042221      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    154587808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts           135835515                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             267887100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                       8515843                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                      5385222                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                     151391                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                  27354284                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                        48                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                244770291                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              437535                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        44208      0.02%      0.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       259226210     96.77%     96.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          54262      0.02%     96.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           46624      0.02%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            16      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        5385159      2.01%     98.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       3130621      1.17%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        267887100                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              2042221                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   428611967                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  553425779                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                         117856                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                        1211126                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.quiesceCycles                  4911627157                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.cpu2.committedInsts                  135835515                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    267887100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.156023                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.156023                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.865035                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.865035                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               364164831                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes              218212592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                    73112                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                   73024                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                138818129                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes               106823368                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               88818544                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_writes                142989                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq              3545369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp             3545369                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               57733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              57733                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        11134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio         1364                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      7066646                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         1182                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio          170                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        27866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         2308                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total      7110938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        95266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total        95266                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 7209538                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pio           22                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pio            3                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         6712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pio          682                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pio           43                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pio           15                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pio      3533323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pio         2364                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pio           85                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.behind_pci.pio            1                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.com_1.pio        13933                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_2.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_3.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_com_4.pio            6                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.fake_floppy.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.pc.pci_host.pio         4477                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total      3561710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      3027848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.ide.dma::total      3027848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.apicbridge.slave         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  6596226                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy              2386632                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy                41000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 2000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.occupancy              6479000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer3.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.occupancy               921000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer4.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.occupancy                40500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer5.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                18000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.occupancy                21000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer7.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.occupancy            199976000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer8.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.occupancy               478500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer9.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.occupancy              170000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer10.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.occupancy            11054500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer13.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.occupancy               11500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer14.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.occupancy               10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer15.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.occupancy               10500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer16.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               11000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy           117264991                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.occupancy             1060500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer19.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy           284201000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            25798000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer2.occupancy              987000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                47578                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.106179                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                47594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         5000689447509                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.106179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.006636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.006636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               428697                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              428697                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              913                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               913                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              913                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126475754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126475754                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   2945894237                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   2945894237                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126475754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total    126475754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide    126475754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total    126475754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        46720                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::pc.south_bridge.ide          913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138527.660460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 138527.660460                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 63054.243086                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63054.243086                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138527.660460                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 138527.660460                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 138527.660460                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 138527.660460                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           657                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                   59                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    11.135593                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                46667                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        22656                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::pc.south_bridge.ide          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          755                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     88725754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     88725754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide   1813094237                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813094237                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     88725754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     88725754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide     88725754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     88725754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.484932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484932                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::pc.south_bridge.ide     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.826944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 117517.554967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117517.554967                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 80027.111450                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80027.111450                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 117517.554967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117517.554967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::pc.south_bridge.ide 117517.554967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117517.554967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   104233                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                64807.184468                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    4648895                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   168429                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                    27.601512                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle                        0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   50959.111320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.itb.walker     0.136263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     1606.978228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     4944.954504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      496.939087                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     1891.921055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.dtb.walker     9.257150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      951.270746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     3946.616114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.777574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.024521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.075454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.007583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.028868                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst       0.014515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data       0.060221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.988879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        64196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           74                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          668                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3069                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         5065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        55320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.979553                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 41479817                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                41479817                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19668                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11752                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        59100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        12594                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                 120016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WriteReq_hits::total                     2                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1549010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total         1549010                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       862717                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          862717                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data              97                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data              74                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data              95                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 266                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data            60797                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            31555                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data            67417                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               159769                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        296952                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        167603                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst        384294                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            848849                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       505674                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       213822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       597828                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total          1317324                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker         19668                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.itb.walker         10404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              296952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              566471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker         11752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.itb.walker          6500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              167603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              245377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker         59100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.itb.walker         12594                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              384294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu2.data              665245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 2445960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.dtb.walker        19668                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.itb.walker        10404                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             296952                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             566471                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.dtb.walker        11752                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.itb.walker         6500                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             167603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             245377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.dtb.walker        59100                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.itb.walker        12594                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             384294                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu2.data             665245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                2445960                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                   39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data           611                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data           342                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu2.data           467                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              1420                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data          63196                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data          30766                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data          35749                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             129711                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         7249                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         2315                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         5289                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           14853                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data        15830                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data         4729                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data        12206                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          32765                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst              7249                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data             79026                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst              2315                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data             35495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.inst              5289                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu2.data             47955                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                177368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.itb.walker            5                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst             7249                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data            79026                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst             2315                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data            35495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.inst             5289                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu2.data            47955                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               177368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      5019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency::total        5019000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     13631500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     17398500                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     31030000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3921117000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4624066500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   8545183500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301980000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    721894000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1023874000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data    622884000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1648246500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2271130500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301980000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4544001000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      5019000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    721894000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6272313000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     11845207000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    301980000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4544001000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      5019000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    721894000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6272313000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    11845207000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10407                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6500                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        59134                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total             120055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker            2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WriteReq_accesses::total                 2                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1549010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1549010                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       862717                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       862717                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          708                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          416                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data          562                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            1686                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       123993                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        62321                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data       103166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           289480                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       304201                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       169918                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst       389583                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total        863702                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       521504                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       218551                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       610034                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1350089                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19668                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          304201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data          645497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6500                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          169918                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          280872                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        59134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst          389583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu2.data          713200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2623328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.dtb.walker        19668                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.itb.walker        10409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         304201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data         645497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.dtb.walker        11752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.itb.walker         6500                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         169918                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         280872                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.dtb.walker        59134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.itb.walker        12594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         389583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu2.data         713200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2623328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.862994                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.822115                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.830961                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.842230                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.509674                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.493670                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.346519                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.448083                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.023830                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013624                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013576                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.017197                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.030355                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021638                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020009                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.024269                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.023830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.122427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.013624                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.126374                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.013576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.067239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.067612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.itb.walker     0.000480                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.023830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.122427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.013624                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.126374                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst      0.013576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data      0.067239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.067612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 147617.647059                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 128692.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39858.187135                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 37255.888651                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21852.112676                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 127449.684717                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 129348.135612                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 65878.634040                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130444.924406                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136489.695595                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68933.818084                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131715.796151                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 135035.761101                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69315.748512                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130444.924406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 128018.058882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 147617.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136489.695595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 130795.808571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66783.224708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 130444.924406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 128018.058882                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 147617.647059                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 136489.695595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 130795.808571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66783.224708                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               96144                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    96144                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst              1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                  1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst             1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total              34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          342                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          467                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total          809                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        30766                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        35749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         66515                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2315                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5288                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         7603                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         4729                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        12206                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        16935                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35495                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        47955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total            91087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         2315                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        35495                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.dtb.walker           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         5288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        47955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total           91087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data       176153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data       193877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total       370030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3295                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu2.data         3452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         6747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data       179448                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu2.data       197329                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total       376777                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      4679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4679000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     24153500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     33128000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57281500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3613457000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4266576500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7880033500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278830000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    668925000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    947755000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    575594000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1526186500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2101780500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278830000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4189051000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      4679000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    668925000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5792763000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10934248000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    278830000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4189051000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker      4679000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    668925000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5792763000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10934248000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  28436719000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  30610149000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  59046868000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    601817000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data    671983500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1273800500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data  29038536000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data  31282132500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total  60320668500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000283                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.822115                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.830961                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.479834                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.493670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.346519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229774                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.021638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.020009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.126374                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013573                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.034722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.013624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.126374                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.dtb.walker     0.000575                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.013573                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.067239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 137617.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 137617.647059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 70624.269006                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 70937.901499                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70805.315204                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 117449.684717                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 119348.135612                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 118470.021800                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120444.924406                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126498.676248                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124655.399185                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121715.796151                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 125035.761101                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 124108.680248                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120444.924406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 118018.058882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 137617.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126498.676248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 120795.808571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120041.806185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 120444.924406                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 118018.058882                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.dtb.walker 137617.647059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 126498.676248                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 120795.808571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120041.806185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 161431.931332                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 157884.375145                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 159573.191363                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 182645.523520                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 194664.976825                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 188795.094116                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 161821.452454                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu2.data 158527.801286                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 160096.472184                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             5063475                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            5112044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              13928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             13928                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       142811                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict             8387                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq             1702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            1702                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            129429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           129429                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         48569                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageReq             1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::MessageResp            1667                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        46720                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.apicbridge.master::total         3334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      7110938                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      3043868                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port       461232                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total     10616038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       141982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       141982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               10761354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::system.cpu0.interrupts.int_slave         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.apicbridge.master::total         6668                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave      3561710                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.cpu0.interrupts.pio      6087733                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     17454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     27103587                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      3025152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      3025152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                30135407                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                              824                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples           5457240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             1.000305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.017475                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                 5455573     99.97%     99.97% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                    1667      0.03%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total             5457240                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           220305500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy           286836500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer2.occupancy             2385368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer2.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer3.occupancy           534782231                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer0.occupancy            1398368                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer0.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy         1230215238                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer4.occupancy           43264654                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer4.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes        34816                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs           31                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          693                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      2985984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          812                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes         4096                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      5045999                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2542699                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          716                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1209                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1209                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            5211020                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           7425092                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             13930                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            13930                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1629876                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       862717                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           95523                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp           1686                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           289480                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          289480                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq        863740                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1350844                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::MessageReq             987                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        22656                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      2590172                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     15076396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side        68863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       204307                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total              17939738                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    110491648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    213734051                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.itb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       254408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dtb.walker.port::system.l2c.cpu_side       750576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              325230683                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          223463                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          8879878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.004588                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.067577                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                8839140     99.54%     99.54% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                  40738      0.46%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            8879878                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3300004999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           437354                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy         839896281                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1865125250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy          24363482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy          87735122                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu2.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
