
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.982594                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1982594146000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1982594146000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 452083                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   452083                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                            14696000274                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 314492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   134.91                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    60989111                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      60989111                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst           800320                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu0.data         24686528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.inst            60096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::cpu1.data           523456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::tsunami.ide            960                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             26071360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       800320                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        60096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total          860416                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      7740160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           7740160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.inst             12505                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu0.data            385727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.inst               939                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::cpu1.data              8179                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::tsunami.ide              15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                407365                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          120940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               120940                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.inst              403673                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu0.data            12451630                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.inst               30312                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::cpu1.data              264026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::tsunami.ide               484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total                13150125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst         403673                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst          30312                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             433985                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks           3904057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total                3904057                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks           3904057                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.inst             403673                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu0.data           12451630                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.inst              30312                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::cpu1.data             264026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::tsunami.ide              484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total               17054181                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.readReqs                        407365                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.physmem.writeReqs                       120940                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.physmem.readBursts                      407365                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.writeBursts                     120940                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.physmem.bytesReadDRAM                 26063552                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadWrQ                      7808                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.physmem.bytesWritten                   7739008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.physmem.bytesReadSys                  26071360                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.bytesWrittenSys                7740160                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.physmem.servicedByWrQ                      122                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.physmem.mergedWrBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.physmem.neitherReadNorWriteReqs         310700                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::0               25226                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::1               25379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::2               25426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::3               24856                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::4               25157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::5               25423                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::6               25497                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::7               25344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::8               25239                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::9               25589                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::10              25746                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::11              25918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::12              25947                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::13              25572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::14              25277                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankRdBursts::15              25647                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::0                7851                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::1                7778                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::2                7471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::3                6887                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::4                7104                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::5                7345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::6                7441                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::7                7150                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::8                7161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::9                7315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::10               7729                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::11               8151                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::12               8256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::13               7924                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::14               7541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.perBankWrBursts::15               7818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.physmem.numRdRetry                           0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.numWrRetry                          19                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.physmem.totGap                    1982586778500                       # Total gap between requests
system.physmem.readPktSize::0                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::1                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::2                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::3                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::4                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::5                       0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.readPktSize::6                  407365                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::0                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::1                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::2                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::3                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::4                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::5                      0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.writePktSize::6                 120940                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::0                    407167                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::1                        63                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::15                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::16                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::17                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::18                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::19                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::20                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::21                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::22                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::23                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::24                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::25                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::26                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::27                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::28                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::29                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::30                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.rdQLenPdf::31                        0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::0                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::1                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::2                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::3                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::4                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::5                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::6                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::7                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::8                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::9                         1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::10                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::11                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::12                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::13                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::14                        1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::15                     1876                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::16                     2266                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::17                     5780                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::18                     5821                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::19                     6432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::20                     6758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::21                     6118                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::22                     6579                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::23                     7992                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::24                     8405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::25                     9429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::26                     8504                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::27                     8718                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::28                     7672                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::29                     6936                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::30                     6352                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::31                     5833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::32                     5622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::33                      229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::34                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::35                      218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::36                      179                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::37                      150                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::38                       94                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::39                       83                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::40                      136                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::41                      211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::42                      166                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::43                      155                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::44                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::45                      154                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::46                      161                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::47                       99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::48                      144                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::49                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::50                      104                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::51                       87                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::52                       97                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::53                      143                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::54                      159                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::55                       93                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::56                      109                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::57                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::58                      115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::59                      105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::60                       66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::61                       63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::62                       31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.wrQLenPdf::63                       76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::samples        67594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::mean      500.082256                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::gmean     302.770491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::stdev     404.772373                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::0-127          16306     24.12%     24.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::128-255        12315     18.22%     42.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5219      7.72%     50.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::384-511         3345      4.95%     55.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::512-639         2482      3.67%     58.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::640-767         4236      6.27%     64.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1519      2.25%     67.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         2145      3.17%     70.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        20027     29.63%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.bytesPerActivate::total          67594                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::samples          5426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::mean        75.053815                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     2863.944316                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::0-8191           5423     99.94%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::40960-49151            1      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::57344-65535            1      0.02%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::196608-204799            1      0.02%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.rdPerTurnAround::total            5426                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::samples          5426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::mean        22.285662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::gmean       18.994987                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::stdev       21.002081                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::16-19            4792     88.32%     88.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::20-23              23      0.42%     88.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::24-27              16      0.29%     89.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::28-31             184      3.39%     92.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::32-35               1      0.02%     92.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::36-39              19      0.35%     92.79% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::40-43              45      0.83%     93.62% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::44-47               3      0.06%     93.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::48-51               7      0.13%     93.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::52-55              30      0.55%     94.36% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::56-59               7      0.13%     94.49% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::60-63               4      0.07%     94.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::64-67               5      0.09%     94.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::68-71               4      0.07%     94.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::72-75              20      0.37%     95.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::76-79              26      0.48%     95.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::84-87              28      0.52%     96.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::88-91               1      0.02%     96.11% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::92-95               4      0.07%     96.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::96-99               1      0.02%     96.20% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::100-103           168      3.10%     99.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::104-107             1      0.02%     99.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::108-111             1      0.02%     99.34% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::112-115             2      0.04%     99.37% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::120-123             1      0.02%     99.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::128-131             1      0.02%     99.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::132-135             1      0.02%     99.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::144-147             1      0.02%     99.45% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::156-159             2      0.04%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::160-163             2      0.04%     99.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::164-167             5      0.09%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::168-171             5      0.09%     99.71% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::180-183            10      0.18%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::188-191             1      0.02%     99.91% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::204-207             1      0.02%     99.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::220-223             1      0.02%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::228-231             3      0.06%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.wrPerTurnAround::total            5426                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.physmem.totQLat                     2787487250                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.physmem.totMemAccLat               10423293500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.physmem.totBusLat                   2036215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.physmem.avgQLat                        6844.78                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgBusLat                      5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgMemAccLat                  25594.78                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.physmem.avgRdBW                          13.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBW                           3.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgRdBWSys                       13.15                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.avgWrBWSys                        3.90                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.peakBW                        12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.physmem.busUtil                           0.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.physmem.busUtilRead                       0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.physmem.busUtilWrite                      0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.physmem.avgRdQLen                         1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.avgWrQLen                        23.89                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.physmem.readRowHits                     363847                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.physmem.writeRowHits                     96724                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.physmem.readRowHitRate                   89.34                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.physmem.writeRowHitRate                  79.98                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.physmem.avgGap                      3752731.43                       # Average gap between requests
system.physmem.pageHitRate                      87.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.physmem_0.actEnergy                  243930960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preEnergy                  133097250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.readEnergy                1578002400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.writeEnergy                382494960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.refreshEnergy           129493107120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.actBackEnergy            72912858435                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.preBackEnergy           1125595195500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.totalEnergy             1330338686625                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_0.averagePower              671.010578                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1872246434250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::REF     66203020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     44140298250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.actEnergy                  267079680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preEnergy                  145728000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.readEnergy                1598493000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.writeEnergy                401079600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.refreshEnergy           129493107120                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.actBackEnergy            73974222945                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.preBackEnergy           1124664165750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.totalEnergy             1330543876095                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.physmem_1.averagePower              671.114078                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE   1870697169250                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::REF     66203020000                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     45689549500                       # Time in different power states
system.physmem_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_hits                     7416215                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.dtb.read_misses                      7442                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.dtb.read_acv                          210                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.read_accesses                  490672                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_hits                    5004240                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.dtb.write_misses                      812                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.dtb.write_acv                         134                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.write_accesses                 187451                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_hits                    12420455                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.dtb.data_misses                      8254                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.dtb.data_acv                          344                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.dtb.data_accesses                  678123                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_hits                    3482237                       # ITB hits
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_misses                     3871                       # ITB misses
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_acv                         184                       # ITB acv
system.cpu0.itb.fetch_accesses                3486108                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu0.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu0.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu0.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu0.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu0.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu0.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu0.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu0.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu0.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu0.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu0.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu0.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu0.numCycles                      3964851893                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                    6804                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.hwrei                    162792                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::0                   55926     40.12%     40.12% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::21                    131      0.09%     40.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::22                   1977      1.42%     41.63% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::30                    435      0.31%     41.94% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::31                  80934     58.06%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_count::total              139403                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::0                    55417     49.07%     49.07% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::21                     131      0.12%     49.18% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::22                    1977      1.75%     50.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::30                     435      0.39%     51.32% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::31                   54982     48.68%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_good::total               112942                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1904792162000     96.08%     96.08% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::21               93245000      0.00%     96.09% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::22              790775500      0.04%     96.13% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::30              326471500      0.02%     96.14% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::31            76423262500      3.86%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982425916500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.990899                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::21                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::31                0.679344                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.ipl_used::total             0.810183                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::2                         8      3.60%      3.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::3                        19      8.56%     12.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::4                         4      1.80%     13.96% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::6                        32     14.41%     28.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::12                        1      0.45%     28.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::17                        9      4.05%     32.88% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::19                       10      4.50%     37.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::20                        6      2.70%     40.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::23                        1      0.45%     40.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::24                        3      1.35%     41.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::33                        7      3.15%     45.05% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::41                        2      0.90%     45.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::45                       36     16.22%     62.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::47                        3      1.35%     63.51% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::48                       10      4.50%     68.02% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::54                       10      4.50%     72.52% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::58                        1      0.45%     72.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::59                        6      2.70%     75.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::71                       23     10.36%     86.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::73                        3      1.35%     87.39% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::74                        6      2.70%     90.09% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::87                        1      0.45%     90.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::90                        3      1.35%     91.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::92                        9      4.05%     95.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::97                        2      0.90%     96.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::98                        2      0.90%     97.75% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::132                       1      0.45%     98.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::144                       2      0.90%     99.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::147                       2      0.90%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.syscall::total                   222                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wripir                  524      0.36%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrvptptr                  1      0.00%      0.36% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpctx                 3024      2.05%      2.41% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::tbi                      51      0.03%      2.44% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.00%      2.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::swpipl               132535     89.80%     92.24% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdps                   6593      4.47%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::wrusp                     3      0.00%     96.71% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rdusp                     9      0.01%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::whami                     2      0.00%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::rti                    4324      2.93%     99.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::callsys                 381      0.26%     99.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::imb                     136      0.09%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.callpal::total                147594                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::kernel             6862                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::user               1281                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch::idle                  0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::kernel               1281                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::user                 1281                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_good::idle                    0                      
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.186680                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::idle           nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.314626                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::kernel      1977686351500     99.80%     99.80% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::user          3896829000      0.20%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.mode_ticks::idle                   0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu0.kern.swap_context                    3025                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   47311851                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                     47311851                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses             43882265                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                206939                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                    1185568                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts      5564719                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                    43882265                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                       206939                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads           60327433                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes          32715156                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads              100516                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes             102286                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                     12460349                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                    7443153                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                   5017196                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              3699958327.970898                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              264893565.029101                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.066810                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.933190                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                          7132898                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass              2702955      5.71%      5.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                 31171442     65.87%     71.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                   51645      0.11%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     71.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                  25566      0.05%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                   1656      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     71.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                 7616230     16.10%     87.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                5023298     10.62%     98.46% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                727657      1.54%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                  47320449                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements          1172797                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          505.333348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           11236424                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          1173216                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs             9.577455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        144706500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   505.333348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.986979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          419                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           48                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          371                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.818359                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         50906675                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        50906675                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data      6342506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        6342506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      4600881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       4600881                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu0.data       138108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       138108                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu0.data       145430                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       145430                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     10943387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        10943387                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     10943387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       10943387                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       934212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       934212                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       249094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       249094                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu0.data        13595                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total        13595                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu0.data         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1183306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1183306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1183306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1183306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  42884699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42884699000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16803448000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16803448000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data    151690000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total    151690000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     97426500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     97426500                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59688147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  59688147000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  59688147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  59688147000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data      7276718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7276718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      4849975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      4849975                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151703                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       151703                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu0.data       151169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       151169                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     12126693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     12126693                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     12126693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     12126693                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.128384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.051360                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089616                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.089616                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037964                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.037964                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.097579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.097579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45904.675812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 45904.675812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 67458.260737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67458.260737                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 11157.778595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11157.778595                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16976.215369                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16976.215369                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50441.852741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50441.852741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50441.852741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50441.852741                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       672822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           672822                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       934212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       934212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       249094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       249094                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        13595                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total        13595                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         5739                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1183306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data      1183306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1183306                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        10780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        17860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  41950487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41950487000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16554354000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16554354000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    138095000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    138095000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     91687500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91687500                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58504841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  58504841000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  58504841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  58504841000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1566158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1566158000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2451078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   2451078500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   4017236500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4017236500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.128384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.051360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.051360                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.089616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.089616                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037964                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037964                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.097579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.097579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 44904.675812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44904.675812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 66458.260737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66458.260737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 10157.778595                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10157.778595                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15976.215369                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15976.215369                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49441.852741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49441.852741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 49441.852741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49441.852741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 221208.757062                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 221208.757062                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 227372.773655                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 227372.773655                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 224929.255319                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 224929.255319                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements           686460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          506.490701                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           46633355                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs           686972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs            67.882468                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      58998281500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   506.490701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          417                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         48007543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        48007543                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     46633355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       46633355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     46633355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        46633355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     46633355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       46633355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       687094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total        687094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total       687094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10621840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10621840000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10621840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  10621840000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst  10621840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  10621840000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     47320449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     47320449                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     47320449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     47320449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     47320449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     47320449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15459.078379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15459.078379                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15459.078379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15459.078379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 15459.078379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15459.078379                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks       686460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total           686460                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       687094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       687094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst       687094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       687094                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9934746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9934746000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9934746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9934746000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   9934746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9934746000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014520                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.078379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14459.078379                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.078379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14459.078379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 14459.078379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14459.078379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_hits                          0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_misses                        0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.dtb.fetch_accesses                      0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_hits                     2510685                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.dtb.read_misses                      2993                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.dtb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.read_accesses                  239364                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_hits                    1829711                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.dtb.write_misses                      342                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.dtb.write_acv                          29                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.write_accesses                 105248                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_hits                     4340396                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.dtb.data_misses                      3335                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.dtb.data_acv                           29                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.dtb.data_accesses                  344612                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_hits                    1990327                       # ITB hits
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_misses                     1216                       # ITB misses
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_acv                           0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu1.itb.fetch_accesses                1991543                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu1.itb.read_hits                           0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu1.itb.read_misses                         0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu1.itb.read_acv                            0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu1.itb.read_accesses                       0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu1.itb.write_hits                          0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu1.itb.write_misses                        0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu1.itb.write_acv                           0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu1.itb.write_accesses                      0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu1.itb.data_hits                           0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu1.itb.data_misses                         0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu1.itb.data_acv                            0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu1.itb.data_accesses                       0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu1.numCycles                      3965188292                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                    2870                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.hwrei                     81053                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::0                   27549     38.53%     38.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::22                   1971      2.76%     41.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::30                    524      0.73%     42.01% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::31                  41464     57.99%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_count::total               71508                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::0                    26681     48.22%     48.22% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::22                    1971      3.56%     51.78% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::30                     524      0.95%     52.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::31                   26157     47.27%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_good::total                55333                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::0            1912242644500     96.45%     96.45% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::22              731132000      0.04%     96.49% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::30              374834500      0.02%     96.51% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::31            69244798000      3.49%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_ticks::total        1982593409000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::0                 0.968493                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::22                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::30                       1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::31                0.630836                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.ipl_used::total             0.773802                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::3                        11     10.58%     10.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::6                        10      9.62%     20.19% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::15                        1      0.96%     21.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::17                        6      5.77%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::23                        3      2.88%     29.81% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::24                        3      2.88%     32.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::33                        4      3.85%     36.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::45                       18     17.31%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::47                        3      2.88%     56.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::59                        1      0.96%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::71                       31     29.81%     87.50% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::74                       10      9.62%     97.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::132                       3      2.88%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.syscall::total                   104                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::cserve                    1      0.00%      0.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wripir                  435      0.59%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrmces                    1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrfen                     1      0.00%      0.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpctx                 2066      2.79%      3.38% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::tbi                       3      0.00%      3.39% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrent                     7      0.01%      3.40% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::swpipl                65186     88.12%     91.52% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdps                   2261      3.06%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrkgp                     1      0.00%     94.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::wrusp                     4      0.01%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::whami                     3      0.00%     94.58% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rti                    3826      5.17%     99.76% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::callsys                 136      0.18%     99.94% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::imb                      44      0.06%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::rdunique                  1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.callpal::total                 73976                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::kernel             2114                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::user                464                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch::idle               2922                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::kernel                912                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::user                  464                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_good::idle                  448                      
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.431410                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::user             1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::idle      0.153320                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_switch_good::total     0.331636                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::kernel       19465916000      0.98%      0.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::user          1729420000      0.09%      1.07% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.mode_ticks::idle        1961398071000     98.93%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu1.kern.swap_context                    2067                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   13677260                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                     13677260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses             12615003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                178612                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                     430048                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts      1358006                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                    12615003                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                       178612                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads           17367613                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes           9253143                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads               93246                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes              95234                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                      4364552                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                    2525340                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                   1839212                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              3912229588.998027                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              52958703.001973                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.013356                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.986644                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                          1948315                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass               733682      5.36%      5.36% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                  8093046     59.16%     64.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                   23046      0.17%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     64.69% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                  14372      0.11%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     64.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                   1986      0.01%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     64.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                 2600021     19.01%     83.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                1840236     13.45%     97.26% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                374235      2.74%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                  13680624                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           173715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          481.481115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs            4164110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           174227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            23.900486                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle      90323581500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   481.481115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.940393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.940393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         17605365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        17605365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data      2339052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        2339052                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      1706902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       1706902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::cpu1.data        50404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        50404                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::cpu1.data        53074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        53074                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data      4045954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total         4045954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data      4045954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total        4045954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       123499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       123499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data        65580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        65580                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::cpu1.data         9274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         9274                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::cpu1.data         6110                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_misses::total         6110                       # number of StoreCondReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data       189079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total        189079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data       189079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total       189079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1557395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1557395000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1879104500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1879104500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     85318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     85318500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     99555000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_latency::total     99555000                       # number of StoreCondReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3436499500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3436499500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3436499500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3436499500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data      2462551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2462551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      1772482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1772482                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        59678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::cpu1.data        59184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        59184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data      4235033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4235033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data      4235033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4235033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.050151                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036999                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.155401                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103237                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_miss_rate::total     0.103237                       # miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 12610.587940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 12610.587940                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28653.621531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28653.621531                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  9199.751995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  9199.751995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16293.780687                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16293.780687                       # average StoreCondReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18174.940104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18174.940104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18174.940104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18174.940104                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       119750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           119750                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       123499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       123499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        65580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        65580                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         9274                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         9274                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         6110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_misses::total         6110                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       189079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       189079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       189079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1433896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1433896000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1813524500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1813524500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     76044500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76044500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     93445000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93445000                       # number of StoreCondReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3247420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247420500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3247420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3247420500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     25051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total     25051000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    789483500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    789483500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    814534500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total    814534500                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.050151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050151                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036999                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.155401                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.155401                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.103237                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.103237                       # mshr miss rate for StoreCondReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.044646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.044646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 11610.587940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11610.587940                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27653.621531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27653.621531                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  8199.751995                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  8199.751995                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15293.780687                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.StoreCondReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15293.780687                       # average StoreCondReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17174.940104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17174.940104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17174.940104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17174.940104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 212296.610169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 212296.610169                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 235807.497013                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 235807.497013                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 235007.068667                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 235007.068667                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements           331421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          442.918144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           13348652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs           331933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs            40.214899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle     1976561020500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   442.918144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.865074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.865074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           73                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           32                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         14012598                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        14012598                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     13348652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       13348652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     13348652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        13348652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     13348652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       13348652                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       331973                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total        331973                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total       331973                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4541836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4541836000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4541836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   4541836000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4541836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   4541836000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     13680625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13680625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     13680625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     13680625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     13680625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     13680625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13681.341555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 13681.341555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13681.341555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 13681.341555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 13681.341555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 13681.341555                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks       331421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total           331421                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       331973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       331973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst       331973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       331973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4209863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4209863000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4209863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4209863000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst   4209863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4209863000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.341555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.341555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.341555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.341555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 12681.341555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12681.341555                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                      1024                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           1                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 298                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  2651136                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        395                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   1                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                     8192                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          1                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               55680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp              55680                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        14048                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         1006                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio           10                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio        18148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         2476                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         6672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          102                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        42652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        83454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  126106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio        56192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_sm_chip.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.fake_uart4.pio            5                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         9074                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.backdoor.pio         9884                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         4193                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ethernet.pio          204                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        82434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      2661624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  2744058                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.occupancy             15110500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer0.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.occupancy               758000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer1.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy                 9500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.occupancy                10000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer6.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.occupancy              175000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer22.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.occupancy            15842500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer23.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.occupancy             2460000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer24.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.occupancy             6039500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer25.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.occupancy               83000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer26.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.occupancy           215050235                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer27.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy            28524000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer1.occupancy            41950000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer1.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                41695                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                0.566864                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                41711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle         1775104150000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide     0.566864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide     0.035429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total       0.035429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               375543                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              375543                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              175                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21956883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     21956883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   5428160352                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_latency::total   5428160352                       # number of WriteLineReq miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21956883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_miss_latency::total     21956883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     21956883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_miss_latency::total     21956883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_accesses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125467.902857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125467.902857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 130635.356950                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130635.356950                       # average WriteLineReq miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125467.902857                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125467.902857                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 125467.902857                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125467.902857                       # average overall miss latency
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            7                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                41520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_misses::total        41552                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::tsunami.ide          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_misses::total          175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13206883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide   3350560352                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3350560352                       # number of WriteLineReq MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13206883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide     13206883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     13206883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for WriteLineReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75467.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75467.902857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 80635.356950                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.WriteLineReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80635.356950                       # average WriteLineReq mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75467.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75467.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::tsunami.ide 75467.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75467.902857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.tags.replacements                   342160                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.tags.tagsinuse                65166.105156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.tags.total_refs                    3684821                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.sampled_refs                   407166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.avg_refs                     9.049923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.tags.warmup_cycle              12928623000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks   54852.926968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst     4798.887710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     5355.521606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      119.450047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data       39.318825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::writebacks      0.836989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst       0.073225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data       0.081719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst       0.001823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data       0.000600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_percent::total           0.994356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        65006                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          102                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          513                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         5372                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6320                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        52699                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2c.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991913                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2c.tags.tag_accesses                 35902652                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2c.tags.data_accesses                35902652                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       792572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_hits::total          792572                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks       746399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.WritebackClean_hits::total          746399                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data             184                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data             546                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_hits::total                 730                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data            39                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data            24                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_hits::total                63                       # number of SCUpgradeReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data           124130                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data            48550                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadExReq_hits::total               172680                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst        674563                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst        331022                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_hits::total           1005585                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       659479                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       113775                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           773254                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              674563                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu0.data              783609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              331022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::cpu1.data              162325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                 1951519                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             674563                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu0.data             783609                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             331022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::cpu1.data             162325                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                1951519                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          2975                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          1806                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total              4781                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::cpu1.data          932                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_misses::total            1858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data         114977                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           7880                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total             122857                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst        12505                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst          950                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_misses::total           13455                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       271539                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_misses::total         271876                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.inst             12505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu0.data            386516                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               950                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::cpu1.data              8217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                408188                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.inst            12505                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu0.data           386516                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              950                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::cpu1.data             8217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total               408188                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3844000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     36525000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency::total     40369000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data      3483500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data       976000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_latency::total      4459500                       # number of SCUpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14619274000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1040489500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  15659763500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1640042500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125494500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total   1765537000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33667193000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     43268500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  33710461500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1640042500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48286467000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125494500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1083758000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency::total     51135762000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1640042500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  48286467000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    125494500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1083758000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency::total    51135762000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       792572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       792572                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks       746399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.WritebackClean_accesses::total       746399                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data         3159                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data         2352                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total            5511                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data          965                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data          956                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_accesses::total          1921                       # number of SCUpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data       239107                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        56430                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total           295537                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst       687068                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst       331972                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total       1019040                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       931018                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       114112                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total      1045130                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst          687068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu0.data         1170125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst          331972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::cpu1.data          170542                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total             2359707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         687068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu0.data        1170125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         331972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::cpu1.data         170542                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total            2359707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941754                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.767857                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total       0.867538                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959585                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974895                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_miss_rate::total     0.967205                       # miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480860                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139642                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total        0.415708                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018201                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002862                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.013204                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291658                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002953                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.260136                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.018201                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.330320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.002862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.048182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.172982                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst      0.018201                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data      0.330320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst      0.002862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data      0.048182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.172982                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  1292.100840                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20224.252492                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8443.631040                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data  3761.879050                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data  1047.210300                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total  2400.161464                       # average SCUpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 127149.551649                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 132041.814721                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127463.339492                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131150.939624                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132099.473684                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 131217.911557                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 123986.583879                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 128393.175074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123992.046006                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131150.939624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124927.472601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132099.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131892.174760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 125275.025233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 131150.939624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 124927.472601                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 132099.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 131892.174760                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 125275.025233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.writebacks::writebacks               79420                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.writebacks::total                    79420                       # number of writebacks
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst             11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits::total                 11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst            11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits::total                11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total           10                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         2975                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         1806                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         4781                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          926                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          932                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_misses::total         1858                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       114977                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         7880                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        122857                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12505                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          939                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total        13444                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       271539                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          337                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       271876                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses::total           408177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst        12505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       386516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          939                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         8217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses::total          408177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data         7080                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data          118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable::total         7198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu0.data        10780                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::cpu1.data         3348                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable::total        14128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu0.data        17860                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::cpu1.data         3466                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses::total        21326                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data    213181000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    129464500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    342645500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     66045000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     66671000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    132716000                       # number of SCUpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13469504000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data    961689500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14431193500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514992500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114749500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1629742000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  30951803000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     39898500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30991701500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514992500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44421307000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114749500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1001588000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  47052637000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst   1514992500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44421307000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114749500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1001588000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  47052637000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   1477620500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data     23575500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   1501196000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   2327025500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    750968500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.WriteReq_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   3077994000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data   3804646000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data    774544000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total   4579190000                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.941754                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.767857                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.867538                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.959585                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.974895                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.967205                       # mshr miss rate for SCUpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.480860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.139642                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.415708                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018201                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.291658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.002953                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.260136                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018201                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.172978                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.018201                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.330320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.002829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.048182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.172978                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71657.478992                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71685.769657                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71668.165656                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 71322.894168                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 71535.407725                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.SCUpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71429.494080                       # average SCUpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 117149.551649                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 122041.814721                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117463.339492                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121150.939624                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.940362                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 121224.486760                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 113986.583879                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 118393.175074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 113992.046006                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121150.939624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114927.472601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.940362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121892.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115275.081644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 121150.939624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 114927.472601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 122203.940362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 121892.174760                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 115275.081644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 208703.460452                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 199792.372881                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 208557.377049                       # average ReadReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 215865.074212                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 224303.614098                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.WriteReq_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 217864.807475                       # average WriteReq mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu0.data 213026.091825                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::cpu1.data 223469.128679                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency::total 214723.342399                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                7198                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             292693                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq              14128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp             14128                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       120940                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           261948                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq            16888                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq          11786                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp            7203                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            123166                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           122293                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        285495                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq         41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::InvalidateResp        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        42652                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port      1193065                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2c.mem_side::total      1235717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port       124827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       124827                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1360544                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        82434                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::system.physmem.port     31153280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2c.mem_side::total     31235714                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.physmem.port      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2658240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                33893954                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                            22770                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            883282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  883282    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              883282                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            40488000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer1.occupancy          1327709899                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer1.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2192713302                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy           69791959                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      4790563                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      2395444                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests       362000                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops           1241                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1181                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops           60                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               7198                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2107005                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteReq             14128                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WriteResp            14128                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       913531                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean       746399                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          756600                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq           17054                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::SCUpgradeReq         11849                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp          28903                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           297620                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          297620                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq       1019067                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1080755                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.trans_dist::InvalidateReq        41552                       # Transaction distribution
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      1917007                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side      3544626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       867499                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side       539645                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_count::total               6868777                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     78714432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side    118015028                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     34273664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.l2c.cpu_side     18604942                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.pkt_size::total              249608066                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.toL2Bus.snoops                          484792                       # Total snoops (count)
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2873097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.137110                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.344206                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0                2479406     86.30%     86.30% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1                 393455     13.69%     99.99% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2                    234      0.01%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3                      2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              3                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            2873097                       # Request fanout histogram
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         4223463995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.occupancy           297883                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.snoopLayer0.utilization            0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.occupancy        1030900979                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1802313287                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.occupancy         499097220                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.occupancy         293862892                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.toL2Bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
